Upgrade documentation for testers (#22811)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/python/testers/JSONDiff.md

- `skip_keys`: A list of keys to skip in the `JSON` comparison

> - `abs_zero`: Sets an absolute tolerance, defaults to 1e-10. Both absolute and relative tolerances must
>   be met for a test to pass.
> 
> - `rel_err`: Sets a relative tolerance, defaults to 5.5e-6.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `abs_zero`: Sets an absolute zero cutoff used in comparisons, defaults to 1e-10.

- `rel_err`: Sets a relative error comparison tolerance, defaults to 5.5e-6.

```
